Tanjiro! Long time no see!
Welcome to my mansion!
It's been a while!
Glad to see you looking well!
You too, Tanjiro.
I'll brew some black tea at three!
I'll make pancakes too!
And smear a lot of butter!
Buttah? Pankehki?
And I barely know black tea.
Sweets! Bread! Pancakes!
Here you go!
Enjoy, Tanjiro.
Is there any right way to eat it properly?
Like this...
Tanjiro, say "ahh".
Okay.
How is it, Tanjiro?
It's so delicious,
my cheeks are going to fall off.
It's super duper tasty, right?
Yes, totally!
Tanjiro, after you eat,
could you change into this?
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
Ossu!
All right, everyone, move in sync!
Reach out your hands!
Jump high!
Now, do a quick spin!
To enhance the sharpness of your techniques,
flexibility training is very important.
Let's stretch, stretch,
and stretch some more!
No, no, not like that!
Could you step aside?
I'll show you an example.
Ready?
Keep it up!
It's more brute-force training
than stretching.
Come here!
Huh?
Tanjiro, you do it as well.
What?!
Are you ready?
Let's start!
Flexibility training...
...is hell!
Tanjiro Kamado,
I've been waiting for you.
(Episode 5: I Even Ate a Demon)
I'm looking forward—
Shut up or I'll kill you.
Huh?
Kanroji told me about you.
It seems you had quite a fun time
training with her.
Huh?
Enjoyable training, indeed.
You got a letter from Lady Kanroji.
How are you, Iguro?
Today, I had tea with Tanjiro
after training.
Tanjiro's cheeks almost fall off when
he eats or drinks something sweet.
He's so cute.
Kamado...
I won't go easy on you as Kanroji did.
I just arrived and he totally hates me.
I've prepared your training.
You have to swing your swords
while avoiding these obstacles.
It's to improve your swordsmanship.
I see, and this place...
Is this an execution chamber?
Did these people who are tied up
commit any crimes?
Well, yeah.
The crime of being weak.
The crime of not learning.
The crime of wasting my time.
The crime of irritating me.
They did those crimes.
Oh dear, this is gonna be bad.
You'll use this.
I'll show you how to do it once.
That's all.
He can swing his sword accurately
between the members at that speed.
Your turn.
Don't hit me.
- Don't hit me.
- Don't hit me. Don't hit me.
Please don't hit us!
Do it quickly!
Okay!
Ridiculous.
How can you say that a training?
I'll spar with you.
Attack me.
Attack...
Got it!
Don't hit me!
You're hesitating.
This won't do anything.
Here I go.
Even in tight spaces,
I have to strike precisely.
Slow.
This is no good.
When dealing with Iguro, I must not
concerned with the Corps members.
Get up. Let's start over.
A dreadful training begins.
Even though I'm using wooden swords,
getting hit will still cause injury.
Iguro's attacks come between
these poor Corps members.
Don't hit me...
Iguro's attacks come between
these poor Corps members.
This is really bad!
Don't hit me...
Because his swordsmanship
bends in unusual ways!
Don't hit me...
Slow.
He's using the same wooden sword,
so why is it able to bend?
His attacks slither through narrow gaps.
Just like a snake.
Furthermore,
I can hear their inner voices when
I aim at the gaps between them.
Please! Please! Please!
Please don't hit me!
They're pleading not to hit them.
This is truly mentally taxing to hear.
Don't hesitate, you trash.
My hands are trembling with
tension I'd never felt before.
If I can't swing my sword precisely,
it'll be a disaster.
Oh no! Sorry!
Kamado, how can you still do it
after all that training with the Hashira?
I don't want to cause trouble...
for everyone.
I guess, we have to do it as well.
You're right.
I bet this is going to sting the wounds.
It's definitely gonna hurt.
Ready, guys?
Okay, let's soak in.
Yeah.
All together...
One, two, and...
It stings!
(Day Two)
Slow.
There's no point in training
if you're that slow.
Understood!
Why would you slow down your stride?
It stings!
(Day Three)
Slow.
Slow!
Too slow!
Damn it. It stings...
(Day Four)
What's the matter?
Are you just running, slowpoke?
I have to focus only on
my sparring with Iguro.
In real combat,
if your sword gets caught in
a tree or a rock, it could be fatal.
It's the same as swinging the sword
while avoiding obstacles.
Now my swordsmanship's able to strike
more precisely than ever before.
Dodge Iguro's attacks...
...so I can attack him back!
My attack hit him.
When my attack cut
the hem of Iguro's haori,
he said my training was over.
Thank you very much!
Get the hell out of here.
Just die already, you piece of trash.
Stop talking too friendly with Kanroji.
It's sad to be hated until the end.
But why?
Umm...
Was Shinazugawa's dojo this way?
You're wrong!
Turn right at that corner,
you bird-brain!
I see. Turn right there.
Zenitsu?!
He... Help me escape, Tanjiro!
Tanjiro, I beg you!
Escape from what?
I can't stand on my feet anymore!
It's impossible!
I... I've finally managed to
escape this far!
I crawled over the walls and
disappeared like a gecko!
My life is in danger!
I'm gonna get killed!
Choose one.
Back to training or get killed by me.
No! Have mercy!
Calm down.
Nah... No! Nuoooh!
Shut up!
Carry him
Oh, okay.
Sorry, Zenitsu.
Let's do our best together.
Long time no see.
I'll join your training today.
I'm looking forward to it!
Don't get carried away.
Listen, I don't acknowledge you.
That's totally fine.
I don't acknowledge you either.
You stabbed Nezuko, after all.
He's got the nerve.
Shinazugawa's training was so harsh,
that I understand why Zenitsu
became like that.
It was a simple striking training where
we could attack Shinazugawa.
We vomited...
...and passed out.
It continued without rest, to boot.
Even Iguro gave us breaks.
When Zenitsu woke up, he blamed me
as if I had killed his parents.
You dumb!
Ouchie... Sorry.
Shinazugawa was especially hard on me.
If I let my guard down
for even a second,
I'll get seriously injured and
end up back in recovery.
This is too much for a first day.
I'm a mess and covered in vomit.
I'm about to lose confidence.
Wait, Big Bro!
Genya's voice?
I want to speak with you.
Quit bothering me.
I don't have a brother.
If you don't knock it off, I'll kill you.
It's so different from the sibling
quarrels in my family.
Wanna give up?
Please don't, Big Bro!
Don't talk all friendly to me!
And from what I've seen,
you have no talent.
Just quit the Demon Slayer Corps.
Someone who can't use breathing techniques
shouldn't call himself a swordsman.
But I...
Wait, Big Bro!
I've always wanted to apologize to you.
Do your best, Genya.
You can do it.
I don't care, seriously. Get lost.
But I...
I even ate a demon...
...to fight until this point.
What?
What did you say?
You said, you ate...
...a demon?
He disappea—
Genya!
How many more days
is this gonna continue?
He's back! He's back!
That heartless man is back!
Get down! Pretend to be passed out!
Huh? Tanjiro?
Eh? He's gonna kill you, Tanjiro!
Why did you destroy the building?
Please stop!
What is this twisted and ominous sound?
That dude is on a rampage, right?!
Are we gonna get beaten
outside the training?!
What are you doing?
Do you want to kill Genya?!
Of course not.
Killing him would be easy,
but it's against the Corps' rules.
I'll make him unable to recover.
However, I'll forgive him if
he quits the Corps right now.
You must be joking!
You don't have the right to do that!
You can't force him to quit!
Didn't you say earlier that
you don't have a brother?
Then, don't interfere with
whatever Genya chooses!
Whether he has talent or not,
he decided to risk his life to fight demons!
If you say you're not his older brother,
I won't let you interfere with Genya!
Without Genya, we wouldn't have
defeated the Upper Ranks Demons!
I won't let you hurt him beyond recovery!
You're done?
Then, I'll make you beyond recovery first!
Okay... here he comes.
Tanjiro!
This brat...
...stopped my punch.
He kicked him!
Zenitsu! Please get Genya out of here!
Hey! You stupid!
Moron! Don't say my name!
You fool!
Give a better signal!
Tanjiro!
His kick cut my ear even if
it just grazed a little.
You've got some nerve!
Since you want to die,
so I'll kill you like you want!
Wait, Big Bro!
Tanjiro has nothing to do with this!
Let's escape!
Who are you? Let go of me!
It's best to separate people
who are arguing!
You have to get some distance!
That guy's your older brother?
He's a total freak!
I pity you.
Don't insult my brother!
I'm on your side!
Die, Brat!
After that, the situation
became a just big mess.
The brawl continued until nearly evening.
Fool! Moron!
I received an official scolding
from the top brass.
Now you understand why
I called you a bird-brain?
I received an official scolding
from the top brass.
Not only my training with
the Wind Hashira was suspended,
Now you understand why
I called you a bird-brain?
Not only my training with
the Wind Hashira was suspended,
I've been ordered to refrain
from approaching him.
At the end of the day,
I was unable to reconcile
the Shinazugawa brothers
I didn't mean for this to happen.
The mark isn't clear.
The training isn't bearing fruit.
Actually, it is.
You can even toe-to-toe
with that Wind Dude.
You're amazing.
Is that so?
Anyway, why is the Stone Hashira's
house so deep in the mountains?!
This is just so stupid!
I think we're almost there.
What's wrong, Zenitsu?
I can hear something.
This way.
This place...
A waterfall!
Someone's there.
Nyo-Ze-Ga-Mon Ichi-Ji-Butsu-Zai
Sha-Ei-Koku Gi-Ju-Gi...
If you clear your heart and mind,
even fire feels cool.
Welcome to my training ground.
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
This time I'll tell you about Iguro.
You're still here?
Don't tell me you're here
to bother Kanroji again.
No, it's not!
But it's the Taisho period secret.
Hmph, just get on with it.
Here we go, the Taisho period secret.
The name of the snake Iguro carries
is Kaburamaru.
Apparently, his eyes have
different colors from birth.
Finished? Then get lost.
Don't get too close to Kanroji.
Well, but...
Planning to get close to her?
Next up on Episode 6:
"The Strongest in the Demon Slayer Corps"
(To be continued)